[core] add a package to expose creation of XhrHttpClient (#28582)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-httpclients/README.md

# Azure Core HttpClients library for JavaScript

This package provides API to create instances that implements `HttpClient` interface used in Azure SDK client libraries.

## Getting started

### Requirements

### Currently supported environments

- [LTS versions of Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule)
- Latest versions of Safari, Chrome, Edge, and Firefox.

See our [support policy](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/SUPPORT.md) for more details.

### Installation

> Install the Container Registry client library for JavaScript with `npm`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Core HttpClients library for JavaScript with `npm`:
```
